com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/StrokeManager.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.StrokeManager
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.StrokeManager$ContentChangedListener
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.StrokeManager$DownloadedModelsChangedListener
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.StrokeManager$StatusChangedListener
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/ModelManager.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.ModelManager
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/StatusTextView.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.StatusTextView
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/epoxy/ParticipantModelBuilder.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.epoxy.ParticipantModelBuilder
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/epoxy/ParticipantModel_.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.epoxy.ParticipantModel_
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/RecognitionTask.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.RecognitionTask
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.RecognitionTask$RecognizedInk
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/BR.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.BR
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.BuildConfig
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/DrawingView.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DrawingView
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/ActivityCallBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.ActivityCallBinding
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/ItemUsersBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.ItemUsersBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/ActivityPreviewBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.ActivityPreviewBinding
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/ItemUsersBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.ItemUsersBinding
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/FragmentCallBinding.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.FragmentCallBinding
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/FragmentCallBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.FragmentCallBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/ActivityCallBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.ActivityCallBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/DigitalInkMainActivity.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DigitalInkMainActivity
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DigitalInkMainActivity$1
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.DigitalInkMainActivity$ModelLanguageContainer
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/FragmentDashboardBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.FragmentDashboardBindingImpl
com/google/mlkit/samples/vision/digitalink/databinding/ActivityPreviewBindingImpl.java
 com.google.mlkit.samples.vision.digitalink.databinding.ActivityPreviewBindingImpl
